chore: add Electron 18 blog post (#199)
electron/electronjs.org-new: blog/electron-18.md

* Added support for more color formats in `setBackgroundColor`. [#33364](https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/33364)

See the [18.0.0 release notes](https://github.com/electron/electron/releases/tag/v18.0.0) for a full list of new features and changes.

## Breaking & API Changes

Below are breaking changes introduced in Electron 18. More information about these and future changes can be found on the [Planned Breaking Changes](https://www.electronjs.org/docs/latest/breaking-changes) page.

### Removed: `nativeWindowOpen`

Prior to Electron 15, `window.open` was by default shimmed to use `BrowserWindowProxy`. This meant that `window.open('about:blank')` did not work to open synchronously scriptable child windows, among other incompatibilities. Since Electron 15, `nativeWindowOpen` has been enabled by default.

See the [documentation for window.open](https://www.electronjs.org/docs/latest/api/window-open#windowopenurl-framename-features) in Electron for more details. Removed in [#29405](https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/29405) 

## End of Support for 14.x.y

> Electron 14.x.y has reached end-of-support as per the project's [support policy](https://www.electronjs.org/docs/latest/tutorial/support#supported-versions). Developers and applications are encouraged to upgrade to a newer version of Electron.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Electron 14.x.y has reached end-of-support as per the project's [support policy](https://www.electronjs.org/docs/latest/tutorial/electron-timelines#version-support-policy). Developers and applications are encouraged to upgrade to a newer version of Electron.
```
